Someone asked me what my type is. And I
know people expect something like tall,
blue eyes, works in finance, jawline.
But honestly, attraction isn't the look,
it's behavior. I have liked men I never
thought I would simply because they
showed up properly, were consistent,
invested, planned, followed through, and
paid attention. And I also have lost
interest in men who were perfect on
paper, but showed up with low effort and
bare minimum. So no, I don't have a
fixed type. I have standards. And the
funny part is that men think it's
shallow. As if choosing based on effort
is somewhat less serious than based on
hair color. Effort, my dear gentlemen,
tells me how you think, prioritize, and
treat things you value. So yes, my type
changes. It changes the moment someone
decides to do more or less for me. Very
flexible system, highly effective.